docs(static-docs): add my history ui and related docs (#685)
empathyco/x: packages/x-components/static-docs/experience-search-and-discovery/my-history.md

---
title: My History UI
---

> The My History UI component displays the complete list of history queries, allowing shoppers to reuse the search queries they performed once and find the products they liked in the past but now are unable to find.  

Reviewer: I'd remove the products part, as it totally depends on feed. Reusing a previously searched query doesn't guarantee the same catalog.

```suggestion
The My History UI component displays the complete list of history queries, allowing shoppers to reuse previously searched queries.  
```

![My History](~@assets/media/overview_myhistory.svg)

::: interact

Can't quite capture the concept? Learn more about [My History](/explore-empathy-platform/features/my-history-overview.md). 

:::

> From the frontend perspective, My History is a UI component that specifically manages the display of a list of history search suggestions. To display a dashboard featuring shoppers' data privacy and control, My History is combined with other UI elements and components, such as a toggle switch for shoppers to enable or disable search history tracking.

Reviewer 2: Tracking again...this is not a blocker, just think if you find a better word.

Author: We can just remove tracking and guess it also works: `... to enable or disable search history.`

Reviewer 2: Works for me

> From the frontend perspective, My History is a UI component that specifically manages the display of a list of history search suggestions. To display a dashboard featuring shoppers' data privacy and control, My History is combined with other UI elements and components, such as a toggle switch for shoppers to enable or disable search history tracking.

Author: ```suggestion
From the frontend perspective, My History is a UI component that specifically manages the display of a list of history search suggestions. To display a dashboard featuring shoppers' data privacy and control, My History is combined with other UI elements and components, such as a toggle switch for shoppers to enable or disable search history.
```

::: note Search data storage

To show the complete list of history queries, My History component uses the history records saved on the shopper’s browser local history. See [Interface X data privacy and browser local storage](/explore-empathy-platform/experience-search-and-discovery/web-local-storage.md) to check out the information stored locally on the shopper’s device.

:::

## Tailor the web experience

- Configure the position and place it wherever you prefer.
- Layout the list of history queries as you want. 
- Customize date and time format.
- Animate the display of My History dashboard at your ease.
- Customize content. Show whatever you need: text, images, icons...

::: note

> Configuration options here only apply to tailor the My History component, which provides a way to display the full list of history queries. Other UI elements that comprise the My History feature can be configurable as well. Check a complete list of UI components in the [Interface X Components UI Reference](/develop-empathy-platform/ui-reference/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration options here only apply to tailor the My History component, which provides a way to display the full list of history queries. Other UI elements that comprise the My History feature can be configured as well. Check a complete list of UI components in the [Interface X Components UI Reference](/develop-empathy-platform/ui-reference/).
```
